--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   XFce FAQ
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



Q: The clock on XFce panel is very wrong ! How can I change XFce clock ?
A: You can't ! It's taken directly from the system time. If you get a mismatch
   between your system time and the time displayed in XFce, it means that you
   have installed the libc5 version of XFce on a libc6 (aka glibc) based system.
   All you have to do is reinstall the proper pre-compiled version of XFce.
   If you've compiled XFce yourself, it means that you've downloaded the 
   version of XForms for libc5 instead of libc6.


Q: I've tried to compile XFce on a DEBIAN 2.0 system, and I get a core dump
   every time I start XFwm.
A: You have to install the debian packages xpm4g-dev xlib6-altdev libc5-altdev
   and xpm4-altdev,  which are not part of the standard installation, and
   it works fine (Kevin Donnely)
   I guess this might be also true for other distribution/platforms.


Q: I've tried to compile XFce & XFwm on SUN Solaris (tm) and I get a core dump
   every time I launch xfwm !
A: XFce a XFwm require the latest GNU tools, including libXpm (see previous 
   question). You can retrieve the latest version of libXpm and other GNU 
   tools for SUN Solaris from your closest SUNSite site.


Q: When I try to compile XFce of SUN Solaris, I get thousands warnings !
A: Don't use option "-Wall" on Solaris !


Q: When I don a "xmkmf -a" or a make Makefiles on SUN Solaris I get an error
   message complaining that "make: Fatal error in reader: Makefile, line <xxx>:
   Unexpected end of line seen". Your Makefile is buggy !
A: Nop ! You don't use GNU make as default (once again, XFce requires the GNU
   tools to compile). Edit your /usr/openwin/lib/X11/config/svr4.cf (for SUN)
   to mention GNU make as default.


Q: Because XFwm is based on FVWM2, can I use the FVWM2 documentation ?
   If so, what if anything in there is not supported?  Is there anything
   additional that is not in there?
A: The code of XFwm is based on FVWM2, but a lot of things have been changed.
   Some bugs have been fixed, many "unuseful" features removed, and the 
   syntax of the configuration file has been modified. XFwm code is smaller and
   faster. XFwm provides new functionalities such as dynamic color change or
   window animations. As a result, some functions have been added.
   The modules do not share the same format either. XFwm provides an 
   additional parameter to the modules that could cause trouble to FVWM2
   modules.


Q: How can I change the size of the icons in XFce menus, It's really 
   too big/small ?
A: XFce 2.1.2 use standard resources to set these parameters. just edit your
   $HOME/.Xdefaults file and add the following parameters :
   *menu.iconwidth: 60
   *menu.iconheight: 50
   *menu.labelwidth: 150
   *menu.detachheight: 9
   Note: Since version 2.3.0, icons are automatically resized to fit the values
         you define.


Q: Is there a setting to make xfce remember which window was active in each
   workspace?  Its really annoying to have to select the active window
   after switching workspaces.
A: No. XFwm gives focus the last used window, so if you use XFce to select 
   another workspace, the focus will be set to XFce.


Q: How do you specify where the default icons should be placed on the desktop ?
A: Icons are automatically placed side by side, starting at the top left corner
   of the screen.


Q: My sound will often die. and the only way to get it going again is to 
   restart the windon manager.
A: The is a bug in XFSound 2.1.0 that cause the sound module to die whenever it
   receives an event that it cannot handle. This  bug is fixed in version 2.1.1
   By the way, it is not necessary to restart the whole window manager for this,
   you just need to add an entry in some XFce menu with : Module "xfsound"
   as command line.


Q: Will it be difficult to compile it for Solaris ?
A: XFce will compile and work on Solaris. There is a binary distribution avai-
   -lable for Solaris 2.6 Intel Edition (sorry, but I don't have a Sparc yet !)


Q: Can I add/remove workspaces in XFce ?
A: No There are 4 desktops and that's it.


Q: What are minimal requirements to run XFce/XFwm ?
A: XFce and XFwm require at least a 256 color display in 640x480.
   Since version 2.3.0, the panel is automatically resized, along with the
   icons, so the panel will still look good on a laptop computer.
   There is also a color dithering process that saves colors on a 256 color
   screen. Of course, you'll get better results on a 65535 color display
   in 1024x768 or upper resolution.


Q: How do I start an X application on a given desktop automatically ?
A: Edit your $HOME/.xinitrc configuration file and add the application before
   starting XFwm. If you wish to start it on a given desktop, add 
   -xrm "*Desk: x"
   where x is the number of the desktop (0 to 3)


Q: I've set the "gradient background" parameter in XFce, but though I don't get
   any gradient backdrop ! Why ?
A: Gradients are automatically disabled when running on a 256 or less color 
   adapter. This is to save colors for other X applications. Try to configure
   your video card to use a deeper color depth.


Q: I've set option Autoraise window, but how to increase the timeout before the
   focused window os actually raised ?
A: Edit $HOME/.xfwmrc and set "AUTORAISEDELAY" to what you want (default is 
   250 milliseconds)


Q: I don't want XFce to be in /usr/X11R6/bin but rather in /usr/local/bin...
A: Edit XFCE.def and change (or set) BINDIR to whatever you want.


Q: ...But I don't want the goodies to be in /var/XFCE either !
A: Change the value of XFCE_DIR in XFCE.def. Unfortunately, this is not
   enough as xfce_setup and xfce_remove will still look in /var/XFCE.
   Therefore, you have to create a symbolic link between the actual
   directory and /var/XFCE. E.g.: ln -sf /usr/local/lib/XFCE /var/XFCE

   
Q: I used xfce_setup to install XFce, and then I've tried to install another
   WM. But now I would like to remove XFCE and xfce_remove doesn't work !
A: xfce_setup takes a snapshot of your current configuration files and copy
   them to $HOME/.xfce_bckp. If you install other programs that alter your 
   configuration files after XFce, xfce_remove will not be able to keep a 
   trace of what you've done afterwards !


Q: Ok, but where are my original files ? Did I loose them ?
A: No, xfce_remove saves all versions with extension .MMDDHHMMSS
   (Month, Day, Hours, Minutes, Seconds). E.g. .Xclients.1212144954 has been
   saved on December 12th at 2:49:54 pm. You can retrieve all you files using
   this method, nothing is lost.
   
